once again it has been left out of the house
this time
according to them against three long sets during the third day of the tournament
the third division of professional Mexican soccer
fernando fabian scored three goals accumulating seven so far in the
championship
jorge íñiguez cristian and ryan fernando el tonta rosales and juan flores
they completed the rain of goals
the next September 24 white cocks visit group leader 9
zacapu monarchs
these are the interviews after the game
you think the lion's performance is not very good is that despite
the weather we all manage to make results and we are happy for that work to
next week
the hobby is responding how good you are so kind
Silvia day a week with week
we worked hard all week to be able to make a good game was not the
people
that can get ahead and get the three points every time you earn more in
home next week comes a rival of consideration as the monarchs who
wait for that game we go home field is a team well worked well
conformed
for good players but we are going to work hard to get a
Victory of her
and it's OK
and you canapino place of the table
Finally, before Detroit, what you want to sell a single to bed
can not say much to the people who expected that week by week we fly
at home and and as the visit support us to cherem wherever he wanted presence
to
the non-match step dedicated to all the people who support me
mons the truth I feel that the
the uniformed
peta málaga lacandona chin voice
laboratory thank God the triumph was given
another win against his fans we show that the herald is the supreme ts
the hermetism is wholeheartedly claw
what is a team
but ahead of that who from the top of
let's give things he costs in that way
all dollars be champion next week against a very difficult opponent like
the English monarchs from on high fennels has always been screened this
It is very difficult
they have very good players the truth that yes
they all play well they are very strong
but for us we are going to throw the most of all a lot heart claw and rose bushes
to the driver allan zacapu
because one of the alleged leaders of the opposition not only
greetings for that reason he says
my roof of the basket in united states
we want him to come back
have a good tournament suddenly tells you he has answered and that of volgograd
mocking world not so aranjuez support 3 despite the rain continue
supporting us and then we are going to our best effort so that the dt is well
even more in berlin support demand a considerate rival but pilot
manresano
not well in his field and a whole president the last tournament was very good but
we are going to compete tied them to what we were and
we hope to achieve the three points of him
one of the first to see the whole opinion sells less than 70 percent
no, well, my whole family
my friends
villa union
remember you will continue white zihuatanejo roosters every weekend in the
broadcast of their matches live
through your vote in ixtapa points each